# _Constitution of Computer Sciences Group, Indiana University Southeast_

The mission of the CSG is to provide its members with
technical education and hands on experience while creating connections
to the real-world industry, educate the public about security awareness.
enhance the reputation of IUS by supplying the industry with trained
professionals in the field of Cyber Security and participating in
national security competitions.

## Article I: NAME

The official name of this group shall be the "Computer
Sciences Group." Hereafter referred to as CSG.


## Article II: PURPOSE

The mission of the CSG is to:

1.  Provide its members with technical education and
    hands on experience while creating connections to the real-world
    industry
2.  Educate the public about security awareness
3.  Enhance the reputation of IUS
    by supplying the industry with trained professionals in the field of
    Cyber Security and participating in national security
    competitions.



## Article III: MEMBERSHIP



Section 1: Membership is open to all students, faculty, and staff at Indiana University Southeast
without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, gender,
age, marital status, disability, public assistance status, veteran
status, sexual orientation, or gender expression.



Section 2: To become a
member, an individual must submit a complete membership application, if
it exists, to the Vice President.



Section 3: Any
member/officer may be removed from office and/or the club for misconduct
as defined in the bylaws of CSG. The member/officer shall be given seven
days notice and an opportunity to give a defense. This removal shall
require two-thirds majority vote from the voting membership. 



## Article IV: ORGANIZATION



Section 1: The officers
of this club shall consist of President, Vice President, Secretary,
Inventory Manager, and Social Events Coordinator.



Section 2: Officers
shall be selected annually during the
2nd meeting of
August. Any individual who is a voting member shall be eligible to hold
office. Officers shall be elected by plurality of the voting members
present. Officers shall serve for one year.



Section 3: Should any
officers decide to abdicate their position a special election may be
held for that position. That election would proceed just as a normal
election. The date of that election would be decided by the Executive
committee.



Section 4: The duties
of the officers are as follows:

  - President – Preside at
    meetings of the club and also serves as the chairperson for the
    Executive committee. Act as official representative of the club at
    other meetings and events.

  - Vice President – Preside at
    meetings of the club and the Executive Committee in the absence of
    the president. Oversee the activities of all club committees. The Vice President shall also be
    responsible for the orientation of new members.

  - Secretary – Record and
    produce minutes of all meetings. Coordinate the club’s
    correspondence. Maintain a roster of all active members. Provide
    officers and committees with all necessary papers and materials.
    Keep a systematic method of filing letters received, membership
    rosters, list committees, etc.  Mail and post notices of group and
    executive committee meetings.

  - Inventory Manager - Handles all
    transactions of the club*. Maintains thorough and accurate
    records of all the afformentioned transactions, including those generated by the
    advisor. Produces accurate financial reports, budgets, quotes, lists, or locations of items as required
    by the club.

  - Events Coordinator – Serve
    as chairperson for the Event Committee. Coordinate the social,
    educational, and informational events held by the club. Work with
    the officers of Affiliated Organizations during joint events. Create
    or Maintain the social media presence of the group. Recruit new
    members to the group.

\* This include but is not limited to hardware, software, licenses, rooms, etc


## Article V: Committees



Section 1: The standing
committees of this club shall be:



  - Executive Committee –
    Consists of the elected officers and chairpersons of all committees.
    Provides strategic vision for the club. Determines Committee
    assignments. Acts of the behalf of the club during the
    summer.
  - Event Committee – Handles
    all planning and arrangements for social, education, and
    informational events held by the club, including joint events.
    Improve the accessibility of the group to all people, including
    non-members. Assist the Events Coordinator with any responsibilities
    to the club. 



Section 2: Special
committees may be established to carry out special assignments.



## Article VI: MEETINGS



Section 1: A regular
meeting shall be held at least once each month during the academic year.
A special meeting may be called by the Executive Committee or by a
petition of ten percent of the voting membership.



Section 2: A quorum
shall consist of two-thirds of the Executive Committee and a majority of
the voting membership. A quorum shall be required at a meeting of the
club in order to conduct official business of the club. 



Section 3: Decisions of
the club shall be enacted by a majority vote of the present voting
membership when quorum is present unless otherwise stated in this
constitution.



## Article VII: By-Laws



Section 1: By-Laws may
be proposed by the voting membership and may be adopted by a majority
vote of those present at the meeting when a quorum is present.



## Article VIII: Amending



Section 1: Amendments to
the constitution may be proposed by any member of the club. Such
proposals shall be submitted in writing to the Executive Committee for a
first reading to the membership at the regular meeting prior to the
meeting at which the proposed amendment is to be voted on.



Section 2: Duly proposed
amendments shall be submitted to a vote of the voting members providing
a quorum is present. A two-thirds majority vote shall be required for
adoption of such amendments.



## Article IX: Amendments



## Article X: Interpretation



Section 1: Should
there ever be any question as to the interpretation of the constitution
the interpretation is decided by the current Secretary.
